README.md, before:

# yoti-sdk-backend-test

Application code for the Yoti SDK Backend Test written by Alex Burt

# Installation

Clone the application code from this repository:

```bash
https://github.com/MrBurtyyy/yoti-sdk-backend-test.git
```

The version of Node.js used in development is `v10.15.3`

Navigate into the directory and run:

```bash
npm install
```

# Running the application

For ease of use, `Nodemon` is used to run the web service as ES6 syntax is used and would require transpiling to run natively using Node.

To run the application, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

This will start a nodemon process running the web-service. The web-service runs on port `8080`

# Usage

The web-service is configured to handle the request using the `/hoover` endpoint.

An example curl request would be:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" "http://localhost:8080/hoover" -d @data.json
```

# Testing

A suite of end-to-end and unit tests have been written for this application. To run the tests, execute the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

This uses `jest` and `supertest` to run mock API calls using a variety of data to test the robustness of the system.

# Assumptions

Some assumptions around the challenge have been made and are listed below:

- The `instructions` and `patches` fields are not required for the application to run (tests created to confirm this)
- If the hoover's starting position is on a patch of dirt, this dirt is counted in the final count.

Commit message:

Update README with new information now we are using Docker

README.md, after:

# yoti-sdk-backend-test

Application code for the Yoti SDK Backend Test written by Alex Burt

# Installation

Clone the application code from this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MrBurtyyy/yoti-sdk-backend-test.git
cd yoti-sdk-backend-test
```

The version of Docker used in development is `2.0.0.0-mac81 (29211)`

# Running the application

A Docker service has been defined using docker-compose. To run the application, use the following command:

```bash
docker-compose up
```

This will download and build the relevant images. The web-service will be built from the Dockerfile stored in the directory.
All of the relevant ports are exposed (8080 for the web-service). The port for the MongoDB is not exposed (only to be used by the web-service).

# Usage

The web-service is configured to handle the request using the `/hoover` endpoint.

An example curl request would be:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" "http://localhost:8080/hoover" -d @data.json
```

# Testing

A suite of end-to-end and unit tests have been written for this application. To run the tests, execute the following commands:

```bash
npm install
npm run test
```

This uses `jest` and `supertest` to run mock API calls using a variety of data to test the robustness of the system.
In order to facilitate database connections, an in-memory version of MongoDB is used with the `@shelf/jest-mongodb` preset.

# Assumptions

Some assumptions around the challenge have been made and are listed below:

- The `instructions` and `patches` fields are not required for the application to run (tests created to confirm this)
- If the hoover's starting position is on a patch of dirt, this dirt is counted in the final count.
